---
layout: post
title: "Welcome"
meta: example
category: news
img: test1.jpeg
---
Nowadays, skilled IT professionals are in higher and higher demand, while people hunting them are in shorter and shorter supply. The common recruiting process doesn’t work anymore. Expecting capable devs to send CV’s in HTML, asking them to go back and forth for dozen interviews, hoping they will wait for several weeks (or months, indeed) for the decision – it’s a fail, my dear. 
To get that top talent you want, you have to create your own strategy, not copy-pasting Bill’s one. 
And guess what? Here are some hints to ease your way:- Referral as the highest chance of getting skilled candidate; - Job advertising shouldn’t come first. Find mutual interests, and only then present your position; - Avoid in-office interviews, go online! - Hire the person, not the role he/she is playing now - Leave the potential availability of candidates behind, focus on the position you need to fill in - Need for speed, you know. The Slowpoke won’t win the best candidate. “If you have conviction about a candidate at the end of interview day, you spend the next day closing.” – John Ciancutti Every single point listed above require you to put in more efforts, more time, and more attention. But if you’ll fail to do that you will spend more efforts, more time, and more attention to fix inappropriate hire. Even if you can apply only one point from the list above – do it, you will be surprised how much difference it makes!