---
layout: jobPost
title: "Mid/Senior QA (web UI)"
category: blog1
city: Lviv
---
**OVERVIEW:**

We are looking for Java developer in test for a full-time work in our Lviv ofﬁce. Our company is a small and focused team of highly skilled engineers that deliver quality services to customers all around the world. We hire only ethical, talented, passionate, and committed “A Players” who already align with the company’s core values: Drive, Excellence, Reputation, and creating Better Future. No matter how large we grow, we will retain its collaborative, supportive, small-company culture, where successful team effort to address customer challenges is highly praised as a core of any success.

**RESPONSIBILITIES:**

- Design, document, develop, manage and execute test cases, sets, and suites
- Enhance test frameworks and develop automated tests using Selenium test framework.
- Provide acceptance testing in the end of development cycle
**REQUIREMENTS:**

- BSc degree in Computer Science or equivalent (in lieu of degree relevant experience)
- At least 1 year of proven automation experience with Java language
- At least 1 year of proven experience with Selenium library
- Understanding of OOP and OOD
- Maven or Gradle experience
- At least intermediate in verbal and written English
- Ability to learn fast (we have big framework already present)

**NICE TO HAVE:**

- Experience with Groovy or any other dynamically typed language
- Experience with git
- Experience with Jenkins
- Experience in *nix based systems and shells
- Hands-on Scrum experience

**WHAT WE OFFER:**

- Paid Vacation 18 work days (24 calendar days)
- Sick leaves 10 paid per year. 2 consequence without the certiﬁcate.
- Support with accounting (we offer paid subscription for taxer.ua or dedicated accountant )
- Up to 500 UAH monthly compensation on any gym, pool or any other (by fact of receipt)
- Childbirth bonus 5000 UAH
- Family member loss support amount 5000 UAH
- Additional paid 2 days leave for wedding and childbirth.
- Every second Friday - remote day if project policy permits
- English language courses free.
- Last Thursday of a month - pizza party.
- Free Tea, coffee, milk and cookies in kitchen every day
- Partial compensation for successful personal development related certiﬁcate achievement.

{% include first-recruter.html %}

